or months has passed since
the Spaniard Daniel Sancho was jailed in Thailand. He is accused of
murdering and dismembering the
Colombian surgeon Ed
[Applause] [
Music]
H
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause] [Music]
Oh
[Music]
di
good evening family good
evening oh good evening Joaquín how
well accompanied I am tonight
here how are you Joaquín from
vali Hello good evening I'm wonderful
I'm wonderful especially when
I'm with you
watching with the fan all
on no I mean your hair is moving
in the wind a little you're not there
with the fan with the heat I look
like those singers who are a little conceited no who
put the fan on so that their
hair yal my bald head moves more than my
hair but it's not because it's hot and
what does it say good evening How are you Hey I
also have it on Look  Listen, I'm here
when the cold arrives, what happens is that I do
n't have a
merena. Well, guys, as I was
saying before, outside DEA I was
asking you for half an hour more, sorry for
the delay, I had agreed to meet them half an
hour before but it's that I'm ladsim, everything is
as usual for a change. Peace, dadi,
gossip. I don't know what and I've been
putting off finishing the episode for three days.
TR, dude from HBO and I'm saying, look, I'm going to
finish watching it. Yes, it's true that it
has few new things because we
already have the subject
chewed over. They are not contributed to New but I have
taken six or seven
notes here that I wanted to comment on with you
that are
curious, curious, have you seen them? I imagine
that the notes will be about what
Rodolfo said. And about what García
Montes said, no, no, about García Monte, no, about
Carmen, about García Monte, I've almost been
passing it on because it's again a bit of the
roll, no, no, García Monte says
something that is brutal that I have
written down, damn, what he says that
Daniel Sancho tells him when he gets there, he
literally
says there was a stormy relationship,
eh, we met to get to know each other and  says the
reception says so and so he tries to rape me I
refuse from behind he does everything to me
yes injuring himself
[Music] I do
everything from behind I think it's a
bit of a distortion I think
maybe what Daniel would say would be he
tried to attack me from behind in the fight
but in a fight plan to hit and of course he
interprets it as he tried to do everything to me
from behind like I don't know what I said because I
heard it heard and he said he
did everything to me from behind Yes with two pairs of
underwear and some shorts on
But well Hi eh tremendous no I
hadn't I hadn't written that down but it's
true that what I have written down
another thing about when they are interviewing
Juano that we can mess it up a little bit
with this okay And the thing is that
when he is doing an
interview they try to
catch him and they do it Okay and they
do it because Juano didn't know how to
answer it well I don't know why they
caught it I don't know if he was already tired or
what but they do it Eh he says Hey but already
in the first statement of  Daniel there is already
a sexual assault of course and what he
says. The first one says that there is, he says that there
is, of course, but it is not what he says, what he
says is that he tried to have relations and I
refused, that is more like he proposed to me because I
was 2 Met 3 Met away from him according to what he said.
But anyway, you have to have a
curious detail and here there is a detail
that I always point out and not because
I am better or worse with Hango, which I do not care about.
Here there is a very simple thing,
Juango is the co-accusation, no, and Montes is the
defense. The difference between Juango and
Monte is the following: Juango has not
carried out the co-accusation, Juango when it
falls on the
co-accused, the co-accused really.
So they are the ones who have to
know the summary by heart, Juano
only has to know because he is the
public face and not to look bad, that will be
another matter, but it has nothing to do
with the trial because he is not the one who has
carried out the co-accusation, it has been a metap and we
all know that. If Daniel Sancho
had done the same, he had a
Thai lawyer in charge of
his defense, lawyers here
in Spain can read the summary or  It can't be
read, that's their business, but
in this case it hasn't been like that because
Daniel Sancho was given a little list every morning, and
Joaquín Campos surely knows this
too, because he surely knows it, and they gave him
a little list of questions
that he had to ask, and that list of
questions had to come from the
Spanish lawyers. If you're going to dictate
a list of questions, you have to
know the summary by force. Because if
not, what were you going to ask? Then you
can't compare the defense, which
had to know the summary because it was going to
ask Daniel, with Juango,
who had the one and the metap, who were
in charge of knowing the summary. At least
I think, personally, that each one can
say what they want. Yes, yes, yes, but of course, that is, the one
caught. It's that, in addition to all the
ways, he tried to have relations and I
refused. Well, that's a
bit of a distorted word because, of course, what
Daniel Sancho is saying there is that he asked her to
have something with him, that he
asked her to sleep with him, but that doesn't have to
be an agony, and Juan
was going to the trial, the one it says there,
yes, it says  that there is an attempted rape
that grabs him by the neck Ju was referring
to that it's clear but those of us who know that
know but the
people who are going to get caught are going to get
caught Look one thing yes yes you
realize even we are talking
about something that is most likely
completely false or is in the end what
happened there and not only because of what
the Thai justice might say
is what we think a
strong man with another who is not strong no I
mean we are continually talking about
something that the defense has raised a
posteriori which is an alleged attempted
rape that anyone who
has Well then a little bit of sense
realizes that it is completely impossible
okay or rather edit they can accuse him
of many things as they have already done no
but of raping a man with his
back like an open wardrobe it is a
little complicated no and apart from that why
couples do not rape each other couples are
couples it is that they do not have to reach
that situation no Well yes there is in
couples
man someone who such Yeah yeah but that is not
the case it is that no no but to say that
if there are there are husbands who  they have abused
women violand eh I mean and I know
cases well I'm going to specify it I'm going to
specify it better so that it's
clearer from when a couple that stays
there for what had been left and puts
out
Daniel the heart and such the is that there is no there is no it's that I mean
yes I can
understand that there is a husband who abuses
a woman when they are not having relations he
hits her he accuses her he threatens her and such that here we
are talking about something that
was flourishing in blom it was a
relationship upwards there was no there was
nothing in fact the judge himself of the
sentence states that if someone seemed to have the
intention of having
sexual relations it was Daniel Sancho who is the one who
takes Edwin to the other bungalow and the
sentence itself says if someone had
the intention of having relations it was not
Mr. Edwin it was Mr. Sancho who
is the one who takes Edwin to the bungalow that was not
rented Edwin with a little heart in it and
puts it in and takes him to bed and
takes him to the bedroom they do not stay in the
living room Exactly there is a phrase from
Rodolfo here in this interview of course eh
I don't know what you think because of
course if this  series is to whitewash
Rodolfo I like Rodolfo less after
this episode than in the previous ones
eh I mean because this is this is tremendous the amount
of nonsense he says the tone in which he
says it the even vulgarity what do you
think when he starts talking about the subject of
rape not rape and he compares it
to a woman saying man my God
it's surprising me that they
question it because if we
were talking here about a
woman everyone would think that someone
tried to rape her and nothing would happen
crazy Yeah and you realize do you realize
that the stupid things Rodolfo says are
the same ones that were said in the first
chapters because everything was filmed at
more or less the same stage I mean in the
end it was the editing that made it clear
in the end I thought this was from the
time of the sentence of the reading of the
verdict is that The problem is that let's see
here we have a problem is that they
are showing us a documentary based on
a lie given by Daniel Sancho
logically let's see when you make
a documentary about trin you can go
to the side  whatever you want you can
believe one version or you can believe another
but if I'm going to defend a version
what I do is an investigation and I put on the
table evidence that I am right
about that version. That is, yes, yes, HBO wanted to
give credibility to the fact that Edwin Arrieta
had tried to sexually use
Daniel Sancho and that everything
Daniel Sancho said was true. For
example, that the police had manipulated
the statement he had confessed during
the documentary. What they have to do
is not put the father telling him what
the son told him. What they have to
do is bring out a series of evidence,
documents,
filming, forensic evidence that
support that hypothesis. That is a
TR documentary. The rest is
taking the lie that Daniel
Sancho told, putting the father in so that he tells it
through his own mouth and we believe it and that is what there is, he has
not put it. In addition, they even
make a fuss about him with the summary
that they Put this but when when
Rodolfo says barbarities that are not
in the summary. For example, that
Daniel Sancho knew the address
of the landfill when Daniel Sancho in
none of
his statements name the landfill basically because Daniel Sancho did not go to the landfill at all they put a part in Thai and translate cosam mu landfill and address such and such Yes it is true that it says that but there is no statement from Daniel Sancho that is stated in the
police proceedings when they go to the
removal of bodies when
those from the landfill testify but there is no
statement from Dani the director because he
was not real clo it is that no Of course
there you have it, he manipulates the
information that the user gives you and
Rodolfo lets himself be fooled okay And why do they
take out a Ho from the summary putting it as
if it were true because Rodolfo says
man is that I can't believe that
Daniel said at 10 in the morning
the remains were found in this
landfill I don't know what and he signed it and it's like
man let's see Daniel when he signs it
is they have
already found remains in the landfill
when Daniel is accused when Daniel
suspects have been found those from
day 3 it is that they are the hip it is already on day
4 at 10:30 in the morning the
leg appears  and the shirt but it doesn't matter is that
Daniel did not name the landfill because
Daniel never went to the landfill no what it
says there is a signed paper where he
acknowledges that the challenges the statement in
one of the statements they tell you
we are here in the process such and such for
some remains that have appeared
explanation of a police action
that takes us a certain time
okay okay do you understand me or not why is
this guy sitting here well he is sitting
because a series of remains have appeared
in the landfill and on such a side and We have
come to the conclusion do you understand me
or not but he no he does not recognize anything if
we remember nor did he throw the
garbage containers when they
ask him where he threw the he says they were some
containers at the side of the road side
of the road but I don't know where and when
the police say can you accompany us and
such he says if you take me more or less no if you
take me me but I don't know the
address I mean if he was not at the
landfill why is he going to name the
landfill if Daniel never set foot in the
landfill it is totally But all that yes
all that manipulation if you allow me
all that manipulation has to do with
something  very clear because they know they've
lost, I mean, anyone who
has something to say with their face and eyes
doesn't focus on crudely manipulating
something that is obviously
manipulated, nothing more, that is the
essential reason. Not to me, it seems so
ridiculous, what Rodolfo throws
at the police in the documentary and starts
saying like they have some kind of
interest in incriminating a person
is like, but man, let's see if on the one
hand, eh, you're telling me that your
son killed him, put on him whatever excuses you
want but he killed him, he killed him and
dismembered him, what are you telling me about the police? Of
course, but what are you
telling me about the police, no, the police,
the shirt proves the same as the
shirt, it tells you, the shirt. Sorry, the
shirt looks like it has a knife wound and
when it comes from the bench it comes with five, it's a
lie, it's false. It's not that, it's not that it's, let's
see, there is a lifting
of the corpse with an ocular inspection,
which is when the shirt appears, which
appears on the 4th when the
leg appears and in the ocular inspection with the
shirt on in the Altos de la Loza
cement from the landfill of the
Cangan landfill the agent who is taking
notes on that shirt that appeared says it
has six and because it has six
slashes because the back tear in the
back counts it as a sixth
slash when that shirt goes to
ballistics because it is analyzed in the
ballistics department and I think it is not
in a bank I think it is in Cosam but
now I don't remember the coroner corroborates
that there are five slashes I mean from
the first minute that that shirt that
shirt comes out of the landfill it is noted
that it has five slashes well six
because they recognize the third as
at no time is it one Who says there is
a slash says it
eh B in the press conference this one that said
whatever he wanted Because
also La Barca saying is that
Billor was nobody nor was the
case known what happens is that he is a guy who
likes cameras a lot and he was speaking
there as a visible face but it was learned
that the case was not known nor had he
studied the case in depth well if
this one is telling you that
the case is not known that Villo says that he has
one or that he has  300 it doesn't matter
at all What I told you to
the documents when something happens
Words are carried away by the wind
official documentation day 4 what do
the police who took that shirt say it
has six stab wounds
because they count the back one as six
What do the forensic ballistics experts say there are five stab wounds and a back slit do they match do the two things match what's the problem Where is it here la la la but b j can say whatever he wants in a press conference I'm talking to you in
official documentation Yes man but it
looks bad but it looks bad but they
want to discredit the investigation the
investigation is the official papers
not b j the official papers what do
official papers say then that's it But still Even
though Imagine if it had been
done by the worst
investigation a botched one what are you
trying to claim with that I mean even if the
police did the worst job and and and what do I
know and they've contaminated half
of the evidence but you're not telling me
that your son killed this man and
dismembered her I mean what does the
investigation matter in this case form of course it
would matter if you're defending that it's a
lie that your son  He hasn't killed him but
in the case that we have in which what you
're trying to do is justify
why when and how the police
are better worse than Vero, it's true that it
tarnishes the image of the police a little
but they are not saying that they are
better or worse they are already directly
saying that they have prevaricated. In other words, they have
fabricated evidence
to incriminate Daniel and that is what is
dangerous. The bad thing is not to say that the
police do better or worse, I also
think that the Thai police have
not done things well and that they should have
done better but I'm not saying
that they have fabricated evidence against
Daniel, do you understand? Why is it that they haven't
fabricated it? I mean, show me one that they have
fabricated, show me one that you can
prove, it has been manipulated, no,
but in the end, but that's what I'm telling you. I
mean, it makes no sense that you're
trying to accuse the police, it's very
simple, Javi, I'm telling you. Look,
even easier on January 12, press conference
of Carmen Balfagón and Ramón Chir and García
Mont in December at the press conference, we
have the recordings of
Daniel's first statement and it's not what
the police transcribed is that true or hasn't there
been a judicial process there is an
HB documentary have you heard those
recordings no Why well trust that
videos have been leaked in case the
defense has it why hasn't it used it of course it's
true because they haven't used those
famous recordings that they said they had that
totally contradicted what Daniel
Sancho had said it's true we talked about it
eh where are they have they had a complete trial
to present them a
complete trial they had an HB documentary
that they could have also thought about it by
documentary where are they those
recordings exist where are they that Daniel says
the opposite Oh Daniel told you
that he had
told him that things are very simple
Hey and what do you think when Rodolfo says
man it's that my son has been put
in front of some papers to
read in a very legal language and it says
evidence crime scene murder
What words are those deceased
deceased words are those the Thai
deceased and dead is the same word or
rather it means written in the same
word of course [ __ ] let's see I can't see the
paper I don't know to what extent your son
will have reading skills and so on no but
that  I understand that it's not a
very good language either, I hope I gave
it and I hit him with the
knife on his head and split it open and the guy
fell there planted I know I had to
say it because you read the
statement and it's something like
any normal person would say So this is
not This is not current this statement from
Rodolfo this is already an old recording I was
n't listening to you very carefully no no yes it
is recorded the problem is I
wrote it for Hercules Diar the problem
with this documentary is that it's like watching a
movie where you already know what's going to
happen So there are no more
surprises no more these surprises it's a
quote that someone says that they
paid money on YouTube that you
know is a lie or rather nonsense They
are details So since you already know
perfectly well what's going to happen I I
think that the montage is starting to lean
slightly towards Rodolfo's other side
Although Rodolfo continues to handle everything
why because it doesn't make sense that
next week when the
last chapter is broadcast where they are going to
sentence him to life imprisonment And thank you
continue  defending the position of the father no
and of the murderer no of the appeal By the way I
say one thing I when I saw
chapter zero which is 48 minutes
dedicated solely and exclusively to the
figure of and the Sancho family not like
What a beautiful family How good er How
beautiful everything was that such and such and well
things are said like that guy and all this
subject me when I saw chapter
zero at the end of chapter Pon una
una Ráfaga as if Darlin was going to start talking
no and we say well well we have
had chapter zero based on the
figure of Daniel Sancho whitewashing
saying How good he was and how good a
chef and how he was a tennis player and everything they
tell us I hope that in chapter one
we have the same I thought the same
okay we have 8 full minutes of
Rodolfo Sanz in the first chapter a
lot of minutes from chapter two and
Darlin speaks that I timed it this
morning 9 minutes and no Darlin Darlin and
two more friends and the whole conversation they have
in those 9 minutes and I'm
talking about more than two hours eh you
can take both chapters  those 9
minutes and not to darlin only darl tend 3
or 4 minutes and the rest of the other
friends about 3 minutes for each one what they
talk about is not about how Edwin was what they
talk about is How do they find out that
one has disappeared How do they talk with
what interest they don't find Daniel Sancho I
mean the figure of Edwin can be
talked about timed in chapter 2
minute minute and a half and another minute minute and a
half in chapter 3 so we
spend more than two hours talking about
Daniel how he was about How good he is about I do
n't know what about the father 48 minutes of the
first chapter what they talk about
after maybe telling everything
because we still don't have the last
chapter 8 minutes 6 minutes
talking about the figure of I
mean I think
This is not the scales are not even
not in the plan of listening to the parts
no but not only but not only it is not
the scales are not even the
problem is no longer that Only that it is already a
serious problem the issue is that all
true crime that is not a true crime revolves
around an idea which is that Daniel
Sancho has not killed  to eduin Arrieta
then of course that I'm going to say a
swear word it's brutal it's that well it can be done it can
Ah it can be okay okay It's not you
are here in your house yes no no because it
seems incredible to me no because it's that it's
something Look Oh f f he fell while
ent J you can say for a second you
can say that everything revolves around
well returned continue Sorry continue Joaquín
I'm going to say something else no no no no I was
just saying that to finish because the
truth is that I am not the scriptwriter and in
hindsight everything looks better but if
Rodolfo Sancho in the last chapter
wants to improve his acting skills and
get more contracts he should say he is
not going to do it but he
should say gentlemen I have fought for my
son but it is true that my son has
committed an atrocity with that phrase
Just that phrase you know how Spain is
Oh
Rodolfo it happens that there is a moment In this
episode where he said it but of course he
said it before and then later no
later he says but later he says but
when you put a but in a sentence
everything that is from but backwards is
worthless a thing  very simple what I'm
going to tell you you can say well
we who care about the figure of
Win Retas if not famous seems
fine to me but if you're going to accuse me of being a
rapist at least tell me what his
family and friends and those close to him thought
of him and that way we can get a
mental image of what kind of monster Win
Arrieta was who tried to rape Daniel Sancho
what I can't get is a
Random guy that we don't know at
all that we heard about for a
minute and a half in the documentary and you
put him as a rapist because then I
can buy it I don't know him at all I
can't tell those close to me and he says hey
Well look it was this it was that it was that it was no no
like we don't have that I ca
n't get a mental image
of who Win Arrieta was that dangerous
rapist surgeon who arrived in Thailand
tried to do everything from behind to
Dani Sancho I can't because I don't have it
in the documentary
Jose we have said before and we have
repeated it many times during all the
live shows we have done on this subject
that this is not a
true crime story  Explain to him if you don't care about
people why. Come on, when you make a
documentary, rein, you're supposed to do
an
investigation. To begin with,
documentaries are usually neutral. I
mean, they don't lean one
way or the other. They take the
existing evidence, they put it on the table and let
the viewer
draw their own conclusions. They don't usually
take conclusions for granted.
Another thing that documentaries usually have
is that they don't usually pay
any of the parties and if
someone is paid, it's usually to the
victim's family, usually strange,
but normally,
uh, then another thing apart from the
investigation, they sit down all the
people who have had to do with
it. With the investigation, they should have
sat down the police, James Bond,
the lawyers, if possible, the prosecutors,
those are the people who have to speak and
who have brought the process to a good
end. Not only should they sit down the
defense lawyers and the co-accusation, who had
nothing to do with it in
Thailand, they should have sat down Met
tapa alart, tosao, who is the one who
fell asleep, the prosecutor, if possible,
for example, you have the
Rosa documentary.  Peral in which the prosecutor appears
speaking you have the documentary of the
urban guard in which the prosecutor appears
speaking who is the same you have the
documentary for example of Asunta
we have the judge Taínos I mean you have to
sit in a TR
crime documentary the implicated in the process
I don't care about the father at all
because the father was not in the crime and
since the father was not in the crime the
father doesn't have a [ __ ] clue what
happened in the crime if they make a
documentary about the urban guard and they
sit Rosa Peral's father or
Rosa Peral's mother what the [ __ ] is
Rosa Peral's mother or father doing in the
urban guard documentary if they
were not in the crime you will have to
sit me down as you are not going to be able to sit
Daniel Sancho well you will have to bring me
some friend of Daniel Sancho who
knew something strange that had to do
with the crime some friend of wiin reta
who had something to do with the people who
were involved the lawyers who
were there those who were
investigating the crime the owner of the
bungalow to the  owner of the kayaks to the
owner of the motorcycles to the owner of the
bar where Daniel ate anyone anyone
who had contact
with them those days and take a picture or
take an x-ray of what could have
happened on August 2nd in Thailand in
this case also before because Daniel
prepares the crime before not the
routes like Daniel goes to the beach
how Daniel arrives from the bungalow the hours at
which he does it t an investigation
that people take a photograph
of the crime a father telling me what
his son is like and what he thinks contributes
absolutely nothing to a documentary about
anything like
this is something else You believe it
no
and there is a
phrase that has caught my attention a lot the at
salo gossip this is gossip this is gossip
already gossip not a documentary Well
but listen to me Rodolfo has
said what they do in their private life at
this point I don't give a damn and it's
like well let's see does it matter or doesn't matter
because precisely today Joaquín is going to
tell us some information that has been coming for a
while eh man let's see it's mu
but that is investigation That can go
in Why  Because it could be the
motivation for the crime or one of the
motivations for the crime, of course,
exactly telling me that his son Sard
and some other stuff, let him tell it, he's
worthless, someone has to come out and
say, Hey, we have
proof that Daniel Sancho did this and
such. And then, well, it could be, you
understand me or not, an H, something that will
lead you to the end why what happens happens,
but a guy comes out there
telling you, no, no, no, to take and say,
but what are you telling me, man? Go, go
to Sálvame or go to the programs that are out
now that I don't know which one it will be. But don't
come and make a documentary on HBO, it does
n't make any sense, strong, that,
eh, the phrase that I was going to tell you, let's see what
you think, Rodolfo says it in this
episode complaining about the
Thai police, they can't trample on people
's human rights in this way
and what are the human rights that have
trampled, tremendous this phrase coming
from Daniel Sancho's father,
eh, it all seems to me
as it all seems to me  circus well then it's that
I'm not even
giving my opinion much at this moment but
anyway I'll tell you something Rodolfo Sancho
eh I'm not your yupa eh but Rodolfo
Sancho if he wants to continue going to
Thailand to visit his son I know he can
stick his tongue with glue to the
roof of his mouth and rest easy eh Because
Thailand is a very nationalist military junta
eh And I don't think he likes these
things I don't think he likes them first
because at least in the case of his son it hasn't
been true I feel sorry for him he
looks for drains trying to get out
trying to grab something I understand in
part but damn No, it's not like that the
son has done something that we still don't
even know half of that has been
bestial what he has done is that it has been
insane Look at the reconstruction of the
events eh of this episode that you
are talking about this last one if you
notice there is something that he says that for
me is incredible no I mean apart from
hitting him with the left that
I already talk about in my book because
right-handed people are not right-handed yes  yes you are
okay the left, I mean it's not used, I
mean and even less as a first advance because
in boxing, in boxing they mark with the
left and finish with the right. In
fact, right-handed boxers
hit more with the left, and prepare
the right for the final blow, they don't usually
score, yes, but eh Of course because he's a
professional, he has a right hook But he
hits with a left hook because he's a professional, you
said it, well, he's a professional and
then he says
and he gloats, telling me I hit him here on the
chin And such. But then he says yes, I
caught him against the corner, he stayed
like that and I think one or two more times I hit him again
when he was down he
said, eh, it's like, hey, but what is this? No, how? What?
But what are you doing? No,
what kind of amount of violence is
this? No, well, then it was
delimited with the fact of dismembering, I
mean, the normal thing is that he would hit him first
with the left hook and with the left hook kept, he
hits him from below and then
when the other guy falls. That would be normal.
No, you don't hit with the left so as not to
hit with the right, you prepare the right hook
for the hook, what? But  Jose that's it but
Jose that's in a fight in a rim no no
and what do you think this one did I'm
sure he hit him twice this one
hit him the first one and with the right hook he
hit him the host and the other one fell there in
the wash of that I have no doubt eh let's
go if he crushed his head hit he
has both eyes busted one of
them collapsed his nose is broken his eyebrows are cracked crack
on his chin his
head burst from a blow it's clear
that human rights
human humanl and that is not talked about in any
episode do you realize no nothing no
human right the human right what they
want to say was violated is the fact
they want to say that it was violated three
rights the first not having had not having
read to Rodolfo Daniel Sancho
your rights you have the right to
remain silent all the
fundamental rights of the accused
second not having assisted him with a lawyer
not having had legal assistance and the
third of the rights is that the
interpreter did not understand your language okay
let's dismantle the first the
reading of law whenever you want and  if you
want I'll send you the information later in
case you want to see it, they are signed in
all the statements from the first to
the third because Daniel gives three
statements, well two, an
extension being the second, the
first thing they have before starting is
the reading of rights and Daniel signs, that
is, the rights are read in all
the statements but they are in English and it is
more Thai. And it's more, but well,
wait of course, but he also has
signed that he has an interpreter, so-and-
so, who has sworn to read truthfully, I
mean, she is a sworn interpreter
who reads to him everything that he is going to
sign and the police also tell you
on HBO if the lawyer, yes, the
interpreter has not been faithful to what is
written here, you can go against her, report her and
open a process, in other words, why hasn't
the defense done it? What could have done it?
No, then Daniel Sancho signs his
fundamental rights, his rights
as a detainee, he signs that he has read them
and that he understands them because he says
you understand, Endo, and he signs it. The issue with the
lawyer, Daniel Sancho is assisted with
assistance in all his
statements when is it not Daniel Sancho
assisted by a lawyer  when he collapses in the
bungalow and gives a
spontaneous confession, which I saw when he was later arrested, and
there they have no obligation to provide a
lawyer, and the police
also say so, as long as he is a suspect, we are not
obliged to provide him with
a lawyer. This is a question of whether we have an
obligation to provide him with an interpreter, but
not a lawyer. A lawyer is when he is already
formally accused and is going to give a
formal statement, which in fact the
spontaneous
statement does not count. The one that counts is the one he gives formally to the police with his lawyer. And the third issue is the interpreter. He himself accepts the English interpreter because they ask him what, do you understand Thai in all the statements and he says, I don't speak or
understand Thai. I need
an interpreter from English to Thai. And
then they give him the interpreter and he
accepts the interpreter and the and the and the
signature. And what's more, later people say, it's not
that they didn't give it to him in Spanish, it's that
in the trial he rejects a
Spanish interpreter and is left with Aliz
who interprets it from Spanish. Sorry, from
Thai to English, therefore he
understood English perfectly in Thai.
Sorry, not as
García Montes wants us to believe, the English he
had was  of talking at home because it's that
an Englishman a super
technical interrogation Okay well more technical is in the
trial where the forensics are going to go they're going
to talk to you about forensic evidence they're going to talk to you about
DNA they're going to talk to you about a
lot of things that if you don't speak English or something you're
not going to understand [ __ ] and he
wanted to have an English translator in the trial
until then what fundamental right has been
violated of Daniel Sancho that he
has been put in jail for killing
a person [ __ ] is that
normal if we let him go free with
Human Rights no no but let's see we
're talking about one there's
also something that makes me indignant and I
find it pathetic
cystic which is the issue that they
met because ewin wanted to finance
his YouTube channel and it's like dude let's
see Daniel had an account created on
YouTube in which he uploaded three random videos like
Per well I mean there like he was
n't dedicated to YouTube there's no
one who can get to his channel and
say Oh I'm going to finance this project
that I find interesting or rather what
nonsense are they playing  trying to sell with the
whole you-know-what-you-know YouTube channel thing,
of course, you know why, you know why they want to say that, you know why they
want to say
that because in this case there is a key that we will
then make, like yesterday's tweet,
nobody, absolutely nobody, no
media has wanted to investigate and I'm sorry to
say anything here, neither the lawyer nor the
Arrieta family have put everything up to
now or that we know of because there could be
something that we don't know, we will talk about it
but it is very sad that something so basic,
still a year and a month later, we have to
hear stupid things like, it's not that he
wanted the YouTube channel, no, he didn't want to do
that, he wanted to set up a restaurant
with him, he wanted to set up a restaurant with
him, everyone knows that
YouTube channels are financed with help from
third parties,
private financing, that he had 200
subscribers, what would his friends know, what would he have
done to him? I don't know about you, but I have
never had private financing, from
anyone, never arrived, nobody has told me I'm
going to
sponsor you. Yes, well, donors are
referred to, not the members, one thing is that
a super chat, a super sticker, and another is
very difficult, very different, that a
guy for  Instagram and I tell you take Javi on a
personal basis I'll give you 5000 How much have you
had and come on butter
but time travel here little by little you've
had any damn I'm some little
man I've had I've had people So they
would give fat ones if they've passed by here
any but you'll see but in the live
not in the live I've seen them and stuff
but live when it's live
no Or have they come to you from
behind how much
hundreds of euros no Ah okay but no 5200
no Sure exactly exactly let's go we have had
fat donors we
consider a fat donor a fat donor we
consider one who donates you 100
every live 100 c and a bit I've had
some d sometimes they've donated 100 to me
sometimes Well I think just once on my
birthday two years ago
but that's it I mean people give you 5 10
normal someone fat is someone who donates like
That's in live shows is that I have
never come I spent a long time
making videos before doing live shows and
nobody ever comes to you making videos and
contacts you to give you  money is that that doesn't
happen anything else is a live show
you are live a person comes to you
and gives you 100 euros they give you 50 which well it
rarely happens I have seen channels that
give them 300 500 I have seen that I say say dear Well
maybe the channel
was stopped because they lacked
financing how ridiculous now and
turn things around anyway before entering
Joaquín's tet How are your
books going How is your son doing we talk
Well look let's see I have it finished
what happens is that I am going to confess
something to you or I am going to confess something to the whole
audience I
always have the feeling of the
sandbag with holes or I mean I say I have it
finished and when I
turn around I say damn a piece is missing and I
put sand again and it falls underneath again
because there is always something new there is always
a clarification there is a
new statement there is a character that
appears and tells you this other one that tells you I do
n't know how many And you say this is
never going to end no Therefore in my case I
think that the publisher is going to say that  The
book is going to be shipped tomorrow. By
the way, although there will surely be
tweaks and things, I can assure you
because this is a mess writing this, eh. For
me, as a writer, this
generates stress for me, not because of the content of the
book but because of the amount of things. Look,
since I started, look, I've never
written a book. I
started four times, I stopped, I started
again, I did a lot, and the publisher
told me we need it to be better, so I
started again and I stopped again
and this is the last time I've
started it and I'm sure I could
start it a fifth time because
things continually happen,
things continually happen, and I have the
feeling that they will continue to happen, eh.
And that they will continue to happen. But anyway,
the idea is that in December, if everything
is okay, it will be published and people
can buy it. I will
also be in Spain, coinciding with
whatever the publisher requests. Or well,
I imagine that here in December we will see each other
before, but I understand that we will announce
the book. No, once it can be purchased.
No. Yes, well, that will be the publisher
first, and I will explain it when
the time is right, let's see. I don't  I can
compare my place to Joaquín because
Joaquín is going with a publishing house behind it, it's going to have
an international launch,
I'm going through Amazon self-published And if
we sell trell we'll kick each other in the
mouth how much the other one sold, you
know, the other one, well I don't know exactly,
but a few have been sold eh I
thought that seend Exactly, I don't know, I don't know
how many, but I know it's going to be around
600,000, I don't know, I don't know exactly, no no
600,000 600,000 no eh Don't go 600 I don't
know, it's going to be around there, I'm not being the first,
dude, yeah Well, but what I want to tell you is
that they are self-published It's not that easy to
sell a book, anyway, I don't know if I sell
a few I'm sticking my mouth out, but what I'm
trying to tell you is that I already have the book
Tell me what I was saying, I, I am, is that we have to
count on the audience that I,
with José, the one I talk to the most
lately, or not lately, I already
told him yesterday I bet, I told him José, I
mean, with what you  you're going to win with the
book eh No, I don't know what example I gave I don't
remember but well he is the person
who is publishing the book and I am
convinced that because of the high-profile case
because of the channel he has and because of all this I
already told him yesterday he is going to sell thousands for
sure for sure but we will
talk we will talk for a few
months we will talk for a few months with the
delegate of
[Music]
Treasury let's see if everything is
legal when we see José with the
Mercedes
in handcuffs You know that this thing can't be
done undercover we
unfortunately unfortunately in terms of the book I am
almost finished I have a chapter and a half
left something similar happens to me as with
Joaquín not the same because Joaquín is
doing an investigation I don't do it
more technically in my book I narrate the
facts I mean I make a lot of
reference to the summary it comes a lot from the
summary in short a very technical book no
then really something similar happens to you
in the sense of host I
forgot to include this statement that they
made on such and such day or I mean more of a
joke no more more of a host but it's that
they talked It's that this was also said It's that
so you always remember
things as time goes by
or you reread a chapter and you're always
adding something but of course at some
point you have to stop and say that's it so far so good.
In principle I would finish it this week next week I
want to send it to the
proofreader because I'm going to pay a
professional proofreader to do
the structure, you know, the
page notes and all this so that it looks
cool and then upload it to Amazon and
before I put it up for sale I like to order
a copy to see that everything is okay
and such. Whatever it takes, send me the
copies which takes 10 or 12 days. I imagine
that by the end of October,
November 1, the book has to be on
sale, I imagine. And you had
a video pending that we said you were going
to make which was the subject of what I
like since I met you, but I'm going to
make the book first, I'm going to release the
book first because everything is narrated there.
Yes, and then we'll do the video but it's
pending, right? Eh, I usually make some
docuseries with drawings of the
crimes and such and I was going to do one about
Daniel  Sancho narrating the crime but I'm
going to do the book first is that the
book that comes every man is that the book
is super detailed, I mean it comes with everything
with the parts of the summary the hours the
days the minutes, I mean everything is very
detailed everyone who wants to know or at
least know the official part of the
case will have it in the book then there
are also hypotheses ideas and such But
the official part that my son read yesterday
and he told me dad is that let's see I'm
reading the book and I see that it leans
more towards the part of the accusation
than the defense I say no but I'm not going to go for the
summary what do you want me to do
is that I can't say anything else if the
summary leans more towards the part of the
accusation than for the defense that
I do the
facts are the facts Of course
not that Joaquín's is more
investigative and M is more technical more
sense more technical of Joaquín more
investigated I think it complements each other
very well sincerely well Joaquín eh
You have posted a tweet in the last few
hours that I still don't understand how
more alarms haven't gone off with this tweet
says dear  I had it saved for the
book but it's going to explode in my hands
I can assure you that it's Win Rieta Arteaga
and Daniel Sancho Bronchalo have a
bank account at Banco Santander
with other Spaniards So where is
the money and how come it wasn't known before I
think that in fact you were
kind of speculating on something no the other day
live with Felix no we send Felix a kiss I
have to call him
these days too Yes Greetings to Felix who
spoke to today too Yes let's see I already know
this I've known for a while It's that I don't want to
look at my phone now but I know like
three weeks or something like that I already had it the
only thing I wanted to certify it
through the person who certified it to me
and during that
time I've spoken to people one
person I've spoken to is
precisely José he knows and I've
spoken to other people I can say
here why don't I have to say one is
Ospina I've sent him a couple of messages
explaining Hey this is how it is no And yesterday
I spoke with with Darl Crack precisely
no well because in the end I want  that
something is understood I am here to
write a book to publish news
to investigate and such I do it by
myself eh I do not
have a team behind me I mean I am not being paid by any state or any such No but I believe that in the end also because I am on the side of the deceased always in any case of equal whatever it is called no and more in some in a case like this eh
I believe that I am doing a
public service because what I do not understand what
I do not understand and this in the book that is
why I say the book is beginning to go
deeper when I already have to
deliver it is how is it possible that the
motive for the crime no one has
investigated and no one has
asked how is it possible that people
think that this has happened because it has
happened and that there is nothing more to say it
seems like an atrocity to me because I
have no idea of ​​the exact money that he
could have sent And in what ways and in what
ways and from how many people eduin
Arrieta is something that I have been
following for a long time but what I can tell you is
that Edwin Arrieta was going to set up a
restaurant with Daniel Sancho in Madrid
and  that costs a lot of money, a lot of
money, rent, renovation,
furniture, everything that goes into it,
okay, and this isn't from the last month, it's
from many months ago. I
have more information about that account, you'll tell me to
keep it for my books. In
principle, but it's official that there is
a Santander bank account with three
Spaniards, plus Daniel Sancho, Spanish, plus
Arteaga, who was Colombian in this case.
What do you think about that information?
I spoke with Joaquín yesterday, talking for
several days, but when he brought out the tweet, I
asked him, are you sure of this?
And he trusts the source he has a lot, I have no reason to
doubt it. He knows the sources he
has and he knows who corroborated it.
So, I can't go in or out
when a journalist tells you, I have
this source and it's 100% reliable. Hey, well, there's no need to
doubt any further. Here, those who
doubt, or rather, I mean, the people
who say they don't have it, should prove
that they don't have it in the sense that
we'll see if they have it. No, I don't have it
as a principle, as I said before, it's a
public service, I mean it, meaning
tomorrow.  people who are interested
in this have it very easy to give power of attorney
to the lawyer, the representative, the same family
that shows up in Madrid, to take a
flight. One thing is very clear here,
Joaquín doesn't take anything in his pocket,
Joaquín gives it to him. Exactly the same, it
means yes, correct then. You always have to
see who would benefit at
a given time. Joaquín does not benefit
from whether or not there is a
bank account. Oh man, but you also have. It
would be good if you said, since you've
spoken with Darlin, Darlin's reaction. I
mean, if she was aware of everything
that you've been talking about regarding the
money. Well, that's what, well, that
's one of the things that I'm going to say
here today, a reaction because I'm going to
be very clear. H. I thought there
was something fishy here, why because I ca
n't understand why no one is talking about the
money that Edn has taken to Spain, whether it
's the 250,000 that Jos said on your show
on your live show that time, sorry,
Gonzal. Or whether it's much more or whether it's
much less. What I don't understand is that
people still haven't accepted that there has been a  This
Cal of this case in all the
investigation that I have done, I ask questions,
I talk to people, it only leads me to one
path, which is the scam, then Daniel
had more or less malice because he had
a relationship with someone he didn't want to have
because he had paid him a lot of money
because he had been a bit of a pimp,
however we want to put it, it's another part, not
the malice or the violence with which he
could have acted out of spite or whatever,
Daniel Sancho, but that there is
an economic issue here, it's very clear
from the beginning, how
a scam, a scam, a scam is trying to
set up a business and the business doesn't
exist. Where is the money? Oh, okay, of
course, because if the restaurant
were open it would be perfect,
Arrieta restaurant. Oh, look, it's open, there's
no restaurant. Where is the
money, do you think that maybe it could have been the
reason why Daniel
wants to get rid of Edwin, the
fact that that money is lost 100%
100% that money and I don't want to make
the story too long, and I'm
completely convinced because I believe in
my sources that there is another part that will be
discussed at another time. And  is that
Edwin was going to sit down he was going to sit down in
Spain and I am going to acquire a
property But this would be part of the
200,000 euros they were talking about because
the sister or rather much more No but
Wait wait because Joaquín hasn't
finished counting He thought he had
locked up until yesterday and he has stayed yes
clear I thought there was something fishy the
day before yesterday Because well because let's see
people have the right not to tell me
anything No but I'll explain one thing to you This
is very easy look when someone dies
but we don't talk about Eduina Rieta
any of
our relatives I don't say the first thing you do
but it's not the last is to find out if there was
money or not Hey look we're three
cousins ​​there was a plot of land I don't know
where Oh how good Well let's sell it it ca
n't be done How good It's irrigated
everyone talks about the same thing it doesn't make
any sense that it has never been said
What happened with the accounts If there
were any eh Edwin's in Spain or in Chile
or in Colombia it's that in general where he
had it or in Andorra okay you understand no
Then for  For me it has always been something
that why has it been taboo Why I don't
understand but if it is something normal we
have to talk. Hey, gentlemen, this man
lost 600,000, it was stolen from him because it is a
crime and the prosecutor's office intervenes ex officio
because it is a scam, it is a
scam, the scammer, who in this
case would be Daniel Sancho, no, and it could
be other people or simply the
other people were watching it, not by
How do you say by action or by omission, they
were not seeing what was
happening, no, and what I'm telling you yesterday what
happened was that I called, I
had some messages, some calls with
Darlin Arrieta because I already said, or rather, to
my l ara so that you know, until now I had
not been able to hold an interview
for the book, no, I didn't want to, I didn't want to, she
treated me very well, very respectfully,
but she didn't want to and as I could see that
this was getting out of hand, I
told her, Hey, I'm going to talk. She
contacted me for another reason and I told her, Hey, I
have to talk to you about something, clearly.
Hey, did you know that your brother has an
account in Spain? Oh, I didn't know  nothing say
How come you didn't know anything about this this Such and such Oh
well Tell me, I'm going to talk to with with
Juan Gonzalo such and such And I told him Look,
I only know this s this eh And I'm
sending it to you so you can try to fix it
for two reasons first because there could be
money and second which is what I
think because there could have been money
and knowing where the money is is that in the
end since this case began from
both sides they have said the same thing the
two Pina family we are without money we are
without work we are without our
brother Edwin who supported us in everything such such such
we are screwed very well
and no we have not fallen the compensation
[ __ ] shame you have to see what a disaster on
the other side on Sancho's side it has
been Exactly the same Rodolfo has
repeated actively and passively that there is no
money to pay the
compensation So if nobody here
has money Where is the money that
Edwin had and my my Dolores you have
said before nobody has reflected what you have
said this tweet because the televisions
for some reason that I am still
investigating are all also
tilted to one side because it is
intolerable that they do not  try to understand
that it is very easy I mean it is not very easy it
would have been easier for them to have
found the account at the
Santander bank in Arrieta with other people than for
me to have done it why hasn't
anyone done it look there are media outlets
televisions there is
production money there are a thousand things why haven't they
done it why don't they follow up on
what I just said and if it is a
lie they can give me hell they
can It's that it's true that's why I say that
they would even have the
possibility of knowing about transfers and
things I don't know how it works I don't have
more I don't have access to a couple more
details that I describe in the book details
of the account and that's it But this is separate
because the sister already received some
messages from a friend in which they
talked about how Daniel and Ewin had
had an argument because Daniel didn't
want to return 200 bucks that he had
lent to Ewin 200 bucks 200000 200000
200000 yes I messaged that with a
Spaniard who had a fight over
money issues something like that no  the message
those who spoke about
yes yes yes yes is in Thailand with the
Spaniard and has had a fight with him
because he does not want to return money and
ewin had lent him 200,000 euros they
spoke of those messages that they first
published in 20 minutes and in various
media and then
censored after a while a few hours no no they did not
delete them but they censored now but
above all Javi they ignored
all this has been ignored for 13 months it is a
shame that the the
key to the crime has been ignored and what's more, [ __ ] it is that it is
money who
has that money because this is the other one where is
the money if it has been taken out it cannot be
money it cannot be money that eh
that they have to have there in the account
for the business that they were going to do and the
money belongs to several people not
just the two of them it will cost in some
public document in one until
normally when you open an account
for a business and there are several people
some statutes of a company are made, that is to
say it is a company a society in which
each one has a
specific participation and has to  figure out how much
money each one contributes to said company
what I mean is that there are
legal statutes in which it is said Esina
Rieta Artiaga with
identification number such and such contributes so much money to
said company Daniel Sancho Bronchalo
with number such and such contributes so much fried it is
detailed in some public documents if it
is true that there is a company how many
people have that money and then within
the account who is the administrator of
the company who is normally the one who
can access and manage the account
because in the end we are talking about there being a
bank account and if money has been moved
after Edwin's death and a part of
that money is likely or in other words it is
demonstrable that it belonged to Edwin it would be a
concealment of assets because the only ones
that can take Ewin's money are the
concealments of Ewin's heir then of
course there has to be
official documentation and the bank
has to have that because to open a
bank account for a company they
require the statutes of said company
Yes but one very important thing the bank is
not to blame for anything yesterday I received a
lot of messages the bank what is to blame
the banks can't say
anything the banks are secret I
mean many messages in  Twitter that
tagged the Santander bank and they said
Oh show the papers come on what's going on
why don't you do it such and such No if the
bank doesn't have to Show anything
the person or people or the
family have to go and get there say Hey I am so and so
my brother was here or my client
was here and I want to know the first thing
the family has to do with
Edwin's function certificate is go to the
bank and freeze Edwin's accounts
the moment
a person's death comes to a bank I'm
telling you because my grandmother died on the
5th and the children went to the bank and
the bank told her you have to bring the
function certificate and automatically
your mother's account is frozen not a
euro of what is there moves until
the issue of the
Heirs is resolved therefore the first thing that
Wina Rieta's family has to do
is go to the bank with the
function certificate and if there is an account in Win
's name freeze that money
But what's the point Yes but what's the point
I ask myself this question what's the
point what's the point that
now we are  finding out that they
had an account well but but what is
this? I mean but if here the world the
world is governed by money divorces
for money work problems for
money the soccer player who is being sued I don't know
who the politician who steals Everything is
money and in this case the problem is that the
crime was in Thailand The problem
is that the crime was in Thailand
So the course of the crime has not been followed
crime No yeah yeah but one thing
Jose but one thing there is one there is one there is
a possibility I don't know There is a
possibility that there has been a
scam in Spain of hundreds of thousands of
euros or more then but it is another
procedure to say that it is another process
that is not the process of the crime that if it had been
all here in Spain saying
but if you are saying that the family
has nowhere to fall dead How do you not
ask that it doesn't make sense no
and the family No no that is it is that they have been
talking about money for a long
time 250 150 more or less
demonstrable money and it has not moved what
calls my attention because when they
talk to me about money that I think is
at the end of August or  September Samira
speaks to me and I ask Samira keep in
mind one thing Ewin had two
accountants one in Colombia and another in
Chile I don't know who was the one who
handled Ewin's business if it was the one in
Colombia or the one in Chile I don't know
completely honestly I do tell
Samira about whether they are going to talk and such And she
says Well that's family stuff
so even I don't know if the
family put themselves in the hands of the
accountants they didn't But Win had two he
had one in Colombia and another in
Chile because Win handled money from
both countries Yes yes I know I know yes yes
then But well but you understand me
a little no that these and the normal thing would be
that if he is handling money Here here there is
also a manager or rather here in
Spain if Edwin has made any
movement at the corporate level he must
have an agency here in Spain of
nonsense that
the case has been famous enough for that
manager to have given signs of life
because if now you pull the thread You
start to pull the thread and there is an
agency in between gentlemen it
could still be  ask for explanations now but there is
one thing I want to say here the
beneficiary has been Daniel Sancho damn it
even to the note that they were going to
rent the house to or buy the house that
is false because the note that they were going to
rent the house to was not going through any
real estate agent and it was not And you know that I
give you another example the one from
Sevilla magazine that also came out that he
had spoken with elwin and when he had
seen the case [ __ ] this man He
called me because he was going to come to Spain I don't
know what the [ __ ] And if there is a gesture of a
company that they have set up or a
bank account or more comp more people in
that account there is where they have a business there
Have a doer is more clo than
water no and those who are in the account with
them there are no more people with them and a
notary the statutes of a company
are against a notary Eh yes but the notary It
may have gone more unnoticed
because a notary passes But it has to be
and end people go around there
signing for for for and not a notary does not even
remember dewin I will buy it from you but there has to be
Yeah Hey but you  do you
realize that the beneficiary of all this
is Daniel Sancho and the others who are
in the account no no no I am referring to Daniel
Sancho is the person who seems to have been
able to move this man to
get money from him the money is unknown where it
is and he has not been reported yet
because if that crime were proven I am not
saying if it is true no Daniel Sancho had
a serious judicial problem in Spain
apart from the one he has in
Thailand that that is not I mean in the end if
I embezzle Jose we will only put
260,000 Hey I have a problem
eh man of course Why that has not been thrown out why why
that has not been thrown out I do
not understand nobody has thrown out that
nobody neither one side nor the other neither the
press nor the television nor the
lawyers on one side not even the family
but what a problem it is the
same compensation Not paid but what
problems the same yes as if yes yes
Edwin had wanted to throw out the money I do not know
any account no meen an account in
Daniel's name and that money would have
been for Daniel and who knows when
Edwin opened  an account in which
more people appear is because there is a
company if not you do not open it do you understand me
or not That account no you do not open an
account with five unknown uncles eduin
Arrieta and José knows it sold an
apartment cabin that's why a long
time ago a cabin yes it is a Chalet let's go to the
beach
a chalet Yes yes in Barranquilla two
months before the events and that money has been
confirmed to me that it was sold in a
hurry because he needed it for his
investments In Spain part of that
money I used part of that money or to
buy a house for his sister he bought it I do
n't know if you know and the other part what is
not known where it is yes that is true we already
said that Mane
handled it clearly it is flagrant that there is a
monetary issue and we are not talking about
we are talking about the YouTube channel of
balfagón or the other one that says it is not it is
a
joke because it is why Because if
right now the light came out that eduin
arriet sent is an example Eh This is
an assumption
720,000 that he shared with Daniel we
would be talking about a  mess And why is there
no talk? Well, first of all, because it may
not be true, but I'm already
saying that there is a bank account and
that there are three more Spaniards that I
'm trying to talk to. By the way, I
can't say who they are here, but they don't
answer me, they don't answer me, they don't want me.
Well, I'm not saying, I'm not saying, I'm not saying that they should
talk to you, but they should
at least talk to the authorities and say,
Hey, look, it's us, but we've had a
rough go at it
because if not, you can go and report it and
tomorrow you might have a problem
because there's a dead person involved. Not for
nothing, if there's missing money and a
dead person involved, then we'll have to give
explanations. To me, it
seems terrible and it seems terrible to me,
eh, I don't want to put myself on
an altar, but the thing is, yes, yes, yes, I don't
comment on this, people keep talking about, I'm
not saying us, eh, in the
documentaries and such. Look, realize
one thing I wrote in Hercules Diary
in the documentary, many things are discussed
but it's not about the fact that Daniel Sancho
sent him 30 messages after having
dismembered him, he must  a Rita saying
Chiqui where are you have gone to
hell of hat I am very worried such
Why is that not told because it
discredits the murderer then
the pendulum of information changes then
what do I know what is narrated the opposite to make it
seem that there is one we have to see what they have
done with Daniel eh We have to see
what the police have done we have to see
such It is not that it is
terrible
you know brutal that eh I mean well they must
be a little nervous not
the two or three facts that are in the
account with him Well maybe they are not
nervous because they have not done anything
because this I do not know they
were simply there no and no man if I
were in a bank account cona the
same thing I would have done is go or look for
Juango and say Hey look I am in
this account but I have not done anything that he is
Ewi's lawyer or go to the police and
say Hey this person who has died
in Thailand at the hands of Dano has an
account here in which I am also a
participant but I have absolutely
nothing to do with it at least I get out of the
way I do not have to see the  sense that I
had a business with him and look that it is
known that there is heo no I mean like man
logically it is known I have not done anything Of
course I am here in Spain you know but I have not
done anything I have not done anything
material of
course I am not I am not accusing
the other people
who are in the account and if they are in
the account they will have perceived what has
happened in it that I also do not know what
is good I do not accuse anything of anything but
if there is money there or there was money
I am in an account with that they have
killed in Thailand I would try at
least to put it not to make it public because
neither the television but at least for the
knowledge of the authorities Hey look
I was in this account with this
person that we are going to open a business But
that I have absolutely nothing to do
with the crime eh that is clear
from the first hour in case it is
released tomorrow it is discovered that
this money has been taken out that there is a
concealment of assets And then they are going to
ask me many questions because then they are
going to tell me Hey did you know that this
person had died Because in addition has it
come out or not it is not that  it can be hidden
that you didn't know that Win has died it's
impossible or so why have you taken
this money out of this account after
this person passed away I can I had to
give an explanation that maybe a
little complicated So if I were one
of them I would at least talk but
you realize I want to emphasize
this you realize that in the
last 13 months since the case there is no
talk about the money or anything and this is
very good for Sancho's part of Daniel
and the family obviously but I'm
referring above all to Daniel or something it's
tremendous it's not because it's possible that there is
a crime there and a serious one no we don't know
the exact amount but what about this man we're
going to see in the posthumous interview with
No here the sources we always talk about
the sources she did it when the poor
man was alive a few days before have you
read it no
interview She asks him Hey and what plans do
you have for the rest of 2023 besides it doesn't
even say 2024 eh she says rest of 2023 she says
Well look I'm going to open some
restaurants in Spain and I'm also going to open
my consultancy as  surgeon in
Spain too we're not going to see
Anyone who's going to do that is going
to invest a lot of money, I mean it doesn't
matter if it was given to him by Pastrana
the former president or if it was given to him by a
soccer player or it was his but here we're
talking about a large amount of money
How come this isn't talked about for
God's sake How strong, so in this case
we still have a lot of things to come
out and a lot of episodes to
know well man it's going to depend on that
investigation continues for now of course Yes
but this is already a part that already has to
do with Spain is
Listen it's listen but it's that this man
took money to Spain Where is the
money maybe the account is when it has been
touched dan is in
prison if Daniel's name has been taken well
Whoever has powers or
is the only one who has powers from
Daniel García Monte who signed it
Daniel of course it would add up it would
add up that
mono clar no no no but I mean it would
add up I mean if Daniel Sancho for
example is detained there no And the
account belonged to both of them Well it's normal that
the money and the account are still there You
know why it's stopped but of course it's that
eh if there's more  people there the key is
that if there are two or three other people
involved in that account Those are the ones who will go to
hell if they have withdrawn the money, why have
n't they come out of it's that those are the ones who will
go to hell if they have withdrawn the
money or that Daniel has signed a
power of attorney to someone and that someone has
withdrawn the money in Daniel's name
Look, a lot of people, a lot of people on my
Twitter since yesterday with this tweet it's very
funny no because you hear people's
opinions which is very good no and a lot of
people were talking about an issue that
caught my attention it's not that the maximum
you can withdraw is 1000 euros a day it's
impossible what if not How is it that 1000
euros a day you have a card and you
make a transfer from
cryptocurrencies to Andorra or going to
your cousin Antoñito's account or to or to
whoever and you can make it 50,000
easily you understand
not from cryptocurrencies And yes, from the bank it's not
so easy I don't want to tell you I
want to tell you what I want to say is that we
try to understand that as in Spain there
are restrictions because  The way the world is
now and you can only withdraw
so much money, you can make
transfers, I can transfer
money that I want, there is a limit per
day, it depends on the bank, there is a daily limit
for companies, not for
companies they can transfer 100,000
Because if I want to buy a truck, do you
understand me or not, but of course we don't know what
type? Yes, but for companies they ask for an
invoice, it doesn't have to be a transfer, no. I
mean, I can have money in
an account for which I am going to pay
something and I make a transfer, I don't
have
to, I don't have to, nothing, once I
am a company and I have an
official activity, that is, I go to a
bank and it opens an account for me
as a company and Javi knows that the same
as I do because he is self-employed, you open
an account as a company, the bank does not care
if 1000 come in or
80,000 come in, that is your problem with the
Treasury because you are justifying
that you have a company, so
the bank is not going to ask you for any
explanation because it knows that you have
submitted your papers as if you carry out
an economic activity.  Hacienda The one
that is going to worry about asking you Hey,
100,000 came out of your account that went
here and Where is the invoice for this?
Hacienda, the bank, not to the bank, it will
bring it to the bank now that you
prove that you have an
economic activity, you can move the money from
your free account Yes, but J one very
important thing so as not to get confused, if you
allow me, on August 2, 2023,
when ID, a reta, traveled to Cangan, he
was taking the trip of his life, he
had no problem with Daniel Sancho,
the messages prove it, and apart from
what we have talked about with those close to him, he was
not going to collect any debt Nor was he going to
break up with anyone, he was
excited So it is clear that if there was
money at that time there had been no
embezzlement because he
would have noticed It would not have reached him
and he would have said Hey guys or Hey, what the [ __ ] did you
have here? And now it is not there, but I am
also going to tell you one thing, there is
an additional problem added to
this and that is that if that account was from a
company that is not a self-employed person or is not
a natural person Only  You can
withdraw money and manipulate money, the
authorized person in the account, that is, the
account administrator, not all of them, that
is, not the five. Who was the
administrator? Daniel Sancho, Win
Arrieta? The administrator can give
powers, but normally the five of them
cannot touch the account. Do you understand
why an account is created? Well, an
account is created because when you go to open a
company, eh, the company, the Treasury, not
Social Security. No, I don't know if the Treasury,
Social Security, requires you to have
capital to open the company. If it is
limited, I think it is 3000. No, I do
n't remember, and if it is anonymous, it is another one. You
have to have capital within the
bank to be able to open a company.
Then, an account is opened in the name of
that company with the people involved
in that company and each one makes a
financial contribution so that you can then, when it comes
time to open the company, have a
capital that is what I know that you
can then withdraw that money the next day.
eh. Nothing happens, but you have to
have that capital when you go to open the
company. I know, I know,
then of course we are not talking
about
limited capital. No, I don't know, it's not supposed to, it's
not assumed.
Okay, so we'll see if
this thread gets pulled. Hey family, well, we'll just
leave it here, I hope
you liked the live stream. I remind you
all that you have to check out the
Trium channel and
Joaquín Campo's Twitter account, who is there every week
publishing his articles.
I am privileged, he sends them to me via
WhatsApp and I always have the latest information there,
okay, but over there you have
Joaquín who
will be updating the
situation on his social networks and Jos who is doing a
live stream tomorrow, not tomorrow, apart from
tomorrow at 11 in the morning, tomorrow
night it's your turn to do it live, not at
10 at 10 at 9 at Oh, okay, okay,
okay. I'm not saying I'm going to forgive you
because I think Marina and I have it at
11 so, okay, Okay, at
9 we can overlap if we're not
finished at 11, I'm already finished at 7:00 am, it's
YouTube, it's YouTube. The good thing is that on
YouTube there's no competition because when
one finishes you can see it uploaded later. You don't
have to.  Listen, me and I, many
times when I finish and I see that you have one,
you starting, you get something, a ray What happens is that
there are times that no, what happens is that you have
n't started yet And such But but
when you are normally You are the king, it
's true, it's true, it's true, it's
true, well, what was said is worth it tomorrow Jos
is live at night and we
with Marina on telesalseo So I'll
wait for you there, I send you a big kiss,
guys, it's always a pleasure to
have you here. Thank you very much, Trium,
thank you very much, Joaquín, and bye, guys, and
goodbye now
[Music]